NAME                                                 TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                                                   AGE
airflow-dolphin-service                              ClusterIP   10.111.183.39    <none>        8080/TCP                                                  4m6s
airflow-dolphin-service-worker-hl                    ClusterIP   None             <none>        8793/TCP                                                  4m6s
kafka-dolphin-service                                ClusterIP   10.107.127.139   <none>        9092/TCP                                                  2m15s
kafka-dolphin-service-controller-headless            ClusterIP   None             <none>        9094/TCP,9092/TCP,9093/TCP                                2m15s
keycloak-dolphin-service                             ClusterIP   10.104.84.253    <none>        80/TCP,443/TCP                                            6m4s
keycloak-dolphin-service-headless                    ClusterIP   None             <none>        8080/TCP,8443/TCP                                         6m4s
minio-dolphin                                        ClusterIP   10.98.140.83     <none>        9000/TCP,9001/TCP                                         6m33s
mlflow-dolphin-service-tracking                      ClusterIP   10.105.136.40    <none>        443/TCP                                                   111s
mlserver-0                                           ClusterIP   None             <none>        9000/TCP,9500/TCP,9005/TCP                                37s
nfs-server                                           ClusterIP   10.106.61.30     <none>        2049/TCP                                                  89s
openldap-dolphin-service                             ClusterIP   10.106.82.11     <none>        389/TCP,636/TCP                                           6m7s
otelcol-daemonset-hehe-opentelemetry-collector       ClusterIP   10.108.46.46     <none>        6831/UDP,14250/TCP,14268/TCP,4317/TCP,4318/TCP,9411/TCP   4m8s
otelcol-deploymentset-hehe-opentelemetry-collector   ClusterIP   10.109.65.177    <none>        6831/UDP,14250/TCP,14268/TCP,4317/TCP,4318/TCP,9411/TCP   4m11s
postgresql-dolphin-service                           ClusterIP   10.104.10.228    <none>        5432/TCP                                                  6m45s
postgresql-dolphin-service-hl                        ClusterIP   None             <none>        5432/TCP                                                  6m45s
redis-dolphin-service-headless                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        6379/TCP                                                  7m8s
redis-dolphin-service-master                         ClusterIP   10.96.249.242    <none>        6379/TCP                                                  7m8s
seldon-mesh                                          ClusterIP   10.100.155.206   <none>        80/TCP,9003/TCP                                           81s
seldon-pipelinegateway                               ClusterIP   None             <none>        9010/TCP,9011/TCP                                         81s
seldon-scheduler                                     ClusterIP   10.102.48.62     <none>        9002/TCP,9004/TCP,9044/TCP,9005/TCP,9055/TCP,9008/TCP     81s
spark-master-svc                                     ClusterIP   10.98.159.179    <none>        7077/TCP,8080/TCP,20443/TCP                               84s
triton-0                                             ClusterIP   None             <none>        9000/TCP,9500/TCP,9005/TCP                                37s
volcano-hehe-admission-service                       ClusterIP   10.102.10.2      <none>        443/TCP                                                   6m18s
volcano-hehe-scheduler-service                       ClusterIP   10.105.159.131   <none>        8080/TCP                                                  6m18s
